Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, before we stall, although our details in this class store database, what we're going to do first
is we're going to store the PICT image in this storage.
Okay.
Now, to get to this page, all you just have to do is to click on storage.
Then you're going to see something like get started or create database I think is very easy to do.
Then you're going to see production mode, you're going to see test results.
So you can just choose between those in production mode or the test model.
For me, I choose the test mode.
Okay.
Then in testing, you're going to see you're going to see it's going to ask you to choose your zone.
You can also go with the default by clicking on and level, and after that you're going to get to this
stage.
Okay.
Now, everybody said we are going to store the Pict image in this storage.
Now to do this, we're going to go to our previous record.
Okay?
Now, over here, we said if the user name, the email, the password, the image, if they are not
empty, that we want to create the user with the email and password.
But whether whether we just only go to create that user, we have our password, but as well we are
going to store the peeked image.
So to do that over here.
After creating the user.
We also want to store the Pict image.
So to do that, we're just going to create a private function that created a private function because
we want the function to be only accessible within this file.
So to create a private function, all you have to do is use the underscore that we're going to call
this function upload.
Image.
Sorry.
Upload image to storage.
Okay.
Not a lot of us in the Picts image.
Okay, but how did that image over there?
Okay, now what I'm going to do, I will.
To create this function.
Abu.
Okay.
Isn't going to create.
It's all there.
Okay.
I just saw the comment upload.
I applaud.
Picked.
Image to storage.
Okay, great.
No.
There's going to be insurance.
There's going to be future.
It's going to be a type of shrink because is it is is a test.
I think the image is a euro.
Right.
It's going to be a shrink.
Okay.
So now we call this.
I'm just gonna copy what we call this.
Okay.
As well.
I going to pass into it which is a type of high.
Okay.
Give you a space.
Okay, great.
Now, the first thing we are going to do, we are going to create a folder over there where all of our
images is going to be stored.
Okay.
Now, to do that, first of all, I'm just going to go to the cost fi.
Sorry the cost of I am going to create involved rebel rebel causes.
Rebel Firebase Storage.
Storage is going to be equal to the fire bays.
Storage dot is tons.
Okay, great.
They're going to refer to this over here.
So over here, they're going to set Firebase Storage.
Dot.
But what is going to be taught, Ralph?
Okay.
There is going to be dot chad.
There was never before.
The regular code is for the profi.
Profile pics.
Okay.
So with this we have created.
If what occurred for five weeks.
Okay.
So by doing fabric storage craft tied the name of the four we want to create.
In order for that, we want to create.
Okay.
Now, also, we're going to give the name of the fly.
Then we'll decide who's going to be the user name.
So to do that, we just have to see Dot tried again.
So we want the the name of the image to be the user name.
Right.
Oh, we just have to do is to use the Firebase Hearts, which has to do with our authentication so it
has access to the user.
So this is going to be darts.
Current.
Sorry for our base hearts.
Let's call this firebase.
Hearts of.
Okay.
They were going to say dot college user.
Okay, there dot you hide.
So we're going to hide our exclamation mark here to say it can't be.
No, we can not hide.
Effort to hide.
Okay, great.
Now what we can also do, we can store this in a variable so we can store it in a real card with is
equal to this.
And it's going to be a type of.
With ferrets.
Okay.
Great.
Now, if yours does not infiltrate, who is it?
You can use control DOD to protect it.
Okay, great.
Now we have the for the record, profile speaks the name of the image.
We should view the user name.
Okay.
So.
So now what you're going to do next is to upload that image to our storage.
Okay.
So to do that, what we just have to do is to see this red dot.
Put.
Put FY there over the past in the pigs image.
Okay.
Was able to store this in a variable.
It expects its to be available code offload.
Task since we are uploaded each to the storage.
Okay.
So it's going to be a type of upload.
Upload talks as well.
Okay.
So we're going to see E core two.
Okay, great.
Not unless they were going to do.
I'll wait for the applauded.
So to do this, we're just going to say a task.
Toxic.
Snapshot.
There's going to be snap is equal to it then.
This offshore tax.
Offload task.
Then after you just wait.
We need to pass in the sake of it.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Great.
Now also remember I said.
We are going to assume sole auditors in this file store database.
So now what you're going to do this is to get the other heel of that image in this storage because there
were no uploaded data in the past or database.
Okay.
To do that, we just have to do, first of all, is to see a snap.
Dirt Ralph and Dot gets the Lord Jarrell.
Okay.
So after flooded it with this, we will use this raft to try to upload the image.
Then over here we are getting that you are of the image.
Okay.
So that's what they're basically doing as well they're going to have with.
With this ad, we are going to store the results in a variable called the load.
You are real.
Okay.
Now is going to be a type of string.
All right.
So this is an image.
So abilities equals to you.
Okay, good.
Now what you can do now.
They're just going to say retard.
The download.
Download.
Download URL.
Okay, great.
So over here we said ref which is a variable is equal to firebase storage dot ref.
The chat.
So over here we said the name of the food is going to be four, five feet.
That is we are all our image is going to be stored is going to be called prosthetics in a way.
We said the child again, we said the name of the image or the FY is going to be the user ID.
That is the user name.
Okay, well, more like these and you're going to see this shortly.
Then over here we said we have to put PHI in order to upload the user image right over here.
We created a variable and expect it to record upload talks since we uploaded an image with this report.
Fruit fly and we said is a type of upload talks that over you.
We are awaited.
We are waiting for the image to upload as automatically doing that awaits upload task that I said we
are also going to store the.
Image in this story, image URL in this class store database.
Right.
So what I simply did here was to get the Jarrell of the image.
Okay, then we are returning the URL.
Okay, great.
So over a year we had as well.
See the.
The Lord.
Download.
You are ill equipped to do I just because I waited first.
Okay, great.
So this is basically it.
So we just we we asked essentially created the function to upload the image.
And we also want to retrieve it by using this over here was able to retrieve that image that that's
the tree of the image.
Jarrell, because they're going to upload it in this plaster database.
Okay.
So that's basically it's okay, guys, see this?
That.